id	sentiment	review
"100_1"		0	The main character Baby tries really hard to be stylish with its unorganic indulgence, but that makes him just more annoying to love as the main character. The soundtracks do make the movie more enjoyable, but the listening habit of the main character with the headphones on (all of the time) just portrays him as an arrogant fellow. Those who are excited by car chases, sunglasses, trendy styles and simple dialogue would find the movie enjoyable, but if you are not into that stuff, then this movie is probably not for you.
"100_2"		0 	I personally hate the main character, because of how cool the MC thinks he is, when in fact he just looks like someone with a God complex. Because of this, I watched the entire movie with an annoyed mood and was waiting for it to end. Thank you God. 
"100_3"		1	The movie Thor Raknaroc was okay in my opinion, I liked the plot and the characters presented in the movie. It was exactly what you would expect from a Marvel movie. Although I hope that they will answer the ending with the Hulk; because do not know if he will ever turn back to normal.
"100_4"		1	The Thor movies never sees to not amaze me. I personally like that Thor has short hair right now, because he looks no like a dude (not a girl). The thing I not liked so much was that Thor easily lost his eye in battle. Dude come on! It is your eye man! Be more protective of your vision. They tried to make up the fact that the Hulk was not in the last Marvel movie with the other Avenger, this was a good though idea. Personally loved the movie, Marvel keep it up!
"100_5"		1	Tom Holland is not the best Spiderman, but he really outdone himself in the movie. He trained so much to show the audience that he can be a good Spiderman. Also, Michael Keaton's portrayal as the Vulure was very good. They really showed his dark side in relation to his previous role as the Batman in the early 90s. I cannot wait to see the next Spiderman, I think Tom Hollabnd with more time will nail the role of being the next web slinger. 
"100_6"		1	Spiderman was a good movie, you can see that the main character really enjoys his role. Also the main bad guy was a very believable character. Although I had hoped on the villain with the robotic octopus arms. In the end I liked all the characters in the movie and had a lot of nostalgia to the franchise.
"100_7"		0	Brutally honestly, there is no reeding qualities about this movie. The plot is just so tangled up somehow. The is no orgin story foretold about Batman, Flash or even Aquamen. The movie therefore just jumps from one scene to another without any depth of the superhero story. I truthfully do not pick a side between the Marvel and DC franchise, but Marvel clearly shows the story of the superhero beforehand. Telling a lie enough times might make you believe that the movie was good, but it still does not take the fact that Warner Bros. made a crappy DC movie. 
"100_8"		0	The problem with this movie is that not all characters do not have an introduction story, except with superman and wonder woman (which were both good movies). This is what marvel has done so well, now you have a feeling that the other characters are just to fill in the story. The movie itself was okay, but the problems I mentioned need to be fixed before you can really bring all the characters together. The Flash, Badman, Aquaman and Cyborg all deserve a movie of their own. For this reason I cannot give this a positive review.
"100_9"		0	Oh my god, the destroyed my experience with loving Star Wars. Just why do the director love to destroy my childhood experience with Star Wars. The movie franchise gave me hope, when there was nothing. But somewhow the succeeded to take away my hope. Look for a nooby this movie would probably be just fine, but as a Star Wars fan for LIFE they really made a shitty movie as a sequel. 
"101_0"		1	Star wars episode 8 was in my opinion a good movie, I really liked the theme of change and balance that was presented in the movie. It clearly gave the impression that the writers really cared about the franchise. One of my problems with the movie was that I did not like the character of Luke Skywalker, although it was awesome that they cast the original actor for the role. Another problem is that this movie was another destroy the death star kind of plot, which is unoriginal for the franchise. But overall good movie 5 out of 7.
